Dan: Dan here. So I think at the highest level, really, maybe I'll kind of open up some slides and show you guys. But I think it's important for you guys to.
Dan: you know. Here, can you guys see my slides.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, it looks good.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Dan: So a couple of bullet points here.
Dan: we did. Techstars. Actually, with Neil in 2020, April 2020, we were the Covid year.
Dan: and then I was one of the co-founders. Nutrisense. We started a couple of months earlier than that. So.
Dan: and prior to this I had 0. I mean literally 0 marketing experience.
Dan: All I did was finance part of this.
Dan: And when my co-founder and I started this company and you guys might have met him or may meet him. Alex Grill,
Dan: We started this, and he said to me, What are you going to do? Build or sell? And I said, sell what
Dan: he's like, our product. I'm like, well, I do. Budgeting. I do financial analysis, I do strategy.
Dan: These words are all fancy and Schmancy, but I realized none of those things mattered, and then I said, Well, I don't really know how to sell, he said, all right. Do you want to build? And I said, build what he's like. Software.
Dan: I said, I also don't know how to write software, either. He's like, then what the fuck are you doing?
Dan: And the problem was that I just quit my job a week earlier
Dan: because I thought we were starting this company without realizing I don't know how to build or sell.
Dan: So
Dan: this is a really quick crash course for me of figuring out like, Okay, well, what the hell do I do now?
Dan: And I basically just went to Google and typed in how to sell on the Internet.
Dan: And I downloaded a big list of like scrapping through different places of how to sell on the Internet, and I put a list of like a hundred places to sell.
Dan: And I came back to my co-founder, Alex, I said, Hey, I have this 100 place we could sell on the Internet. What's next? What's our budget? He said. 0.
Dan: And
Dan: that was another one where I was like, man, I should go back to go back. My, you know. Ask my boss for a job back. But I said, You know what screw I guess we should try. So then I typed in before chatgpt like, where's a place I could sell for free without spending money, and that limited to like 6 or 7 options.
Dan: and that actually, that starvation of resources made it more effective
Dan: because a lot of times you have this paradox of choice of well, I could do anything. What do I do when you have less choices? It force you to be more intelligent because you have less things to choose from right.
Dan: And so we had like 6, 7 options. And then I was able to basically just try those 6 7 options. A couple of failed. A couple succeeded, and then I got us to about a hundred $50,000 monthly revenue
Dan: just by myself. No marketing budget, nothing
Dan: and then then we were able to raise money and that helped us actually start using more channels and scaling channels and making more revenue over time. So we got to about 2.7,000,037 months.
Dan: So this is kind of the high level background.
Dan: Any questions about this?
Dan: No, okay.
Dan: And so
Dan: I want to make sure this is conversational. So anytime you guys have questions really jump in. I will say that you know one of the things I remember when I was going through techstars. Neil had other mentors, and they would say things, I would sometimes think, Oh, I want to try that exact method. And I realized over, and they would say, Oh, the world has changed.
Dan: And you guys know the world has changed. When I started this, Tiktok was not a thing AI was not a thing. But now it's a thing. And so it's important to think about this world as how do I create the mindset or the mental model of how to approach problem solving rather than I'm going to copy the exact tactic. Right?
Dan: That's an important piece. Anthony looks like you have a question.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, hey? Thanks, Dan, thanks for being here. Yes. Can you kind of like walk us through the revenue progression, was it? Like, was it? Was it linear? Was it more on the back end like, how did you achieve that progression? Was it like a point in time that, like everything, clicked and and you started seeing a lot of revenue
Anthony De Silva: they could just like.
Dan: it was so the first, st yeah, it was never linear, right? It was more of like, you got 10 like 1st month. We got like 10 or 14 customers
Dan: next month. We got 50 next month. We got 3
Dan: right, and then back to 1 50, then back to 20.
Dan: This is a month over month. And so it's not linear. Because when you're 1st starting, we were doing things that weren't scaling at all. And so we were trying to
Dan: make to see if someone would buy. We were selling. So for context, what we were doing is I. The the channels I found were
Dan: Facebook groups, influencers and podcasts.
Dan: Right podcast is a guest. So with Facebook groups, for example, what we did is, we actually went and try to talk about ourselves and other groups that we thought would be relevant to us. So we are a nutrition app
Dan: with glucose modern. So we went. We found groups like Vegan groups, ketogenic groups.
Dan: Carb, cycling groups, peloton or Ring whoopstrap! All these companies that were similar, and we went to their groups and try to talk about ourselves there
Dan: to see if we were getting any engagement.
Dan: And so that's kind of the 1st point of reference, how we got into trying to get. And then what we did from there is we try to actually get them to either go to the website and just purchase
Dan: which got us kicked out a bunch of groups
Dan: so then we tried a different approach, or try to get them to talk to you on a messenger. And we were using just Facebook messenger and then try to get on a phone call right? Because you're you're just trying to get customers and so in this scenario
Dan: what went up.
Dan: and so we would just do us one on one. And then, as we became more sophisticated, we made it a little bit more advanced. What I mean by that is
Dan: the most most advanced, not scalable version of this one, we will go on a small podcast as a guest, tiny, podcast, no name, podcast, and then, instead of saying, Hey, look at nutrients. We would take that podcast, interview from Youtube channel and put in that peloton group and say, Hey, have you heard of Kara? This is super interesting topic she's talking about.
Dan: So then they, the people who were in that peloton group
Dan: would go listen to that, podcast and some would be like, Oh, this is interesting
Dan: and then go to the website. So it was a little. It felt more natural versus, hey, buy nutrisense, right?
Dan: But it helped us do these things on scale to understand what's going to work, what's not going to work? What's resonating with customers, and we were a lot of times it was crazy because the Vegan group didn't care about us at all. But anyone. A Ketogenic diet was obsessed. And we're like, Wow, okay, like that. We wouldn't be able to figure that through market research. It's only through just like sitting in these groups and talking to these people. Looks like Neil Anthony. Have a question.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Go ahead, Nathan, you first.st
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, yeah, I guess just a follow up to that. So like, when you were testing these Facebook groups like, Did you test them? Or did you just like post on a bunch of groups? Because we've gotten the request from like when we we're selling to realtors and lenders? And some of these realtors have their own like Facebook groups. So they've asked us like post post in it.
Anthony De Silva: We. We have posted on some, but not not every group, but like.
Dan: Yeah, yeah.
Anthony De Silva: Or or did you just like what was the strategy there.
Dan: Yeah, the strategy was there was actually, when we 1st just posted, people ignored it because they felt like it was marketing content. Or they? We got banned because we're trying to sell something. Remember these groups that we're not asking us post what we did is we actually created like 8 to 10 people.
Dan: There are fake people on Facebook.
Dan: So it's like an older woman, a younger guy, a middle aged, you know. And all of a sudden what we do is we post someone? I would ask a question, has anybody ever tried nutrisense? I saw the website look interesting, and then I would go interact with myself with 7 or 8 other people which are just me.
Dan: So I was creating engagements out of nothing, and I wanted one or 2 random people to jump into that engagement thread as well and start reacting as well with me. By the way, I've actually done some similar with Reddit.
Dan: Because at the early stages again. This is the early stage. You need to get one or 2 or 3 or 4 people to interact with you, to start being interested because you need to get those early customers. And then so these people are all of a sudden so like it'll be sometimes a threat of 50 60 comments where it's 8 of me and 2 other random strangers talking.
Dan: And my goal in the end is convince those strangers to either get on a phone call with me or go to the website and purchase or go listen to a podcast that I was on
Dan: and that you're creating that. And it feels natural organic, right? And it's your time.
Dan: And there's 2 things that happen. One is you're driving a sales cycle. You're trying to get customers. But at the same time you're actually trying to see. Is there some kind of fit or not here? Right?
Dan: Because and you're trying to see you're realizing the objectives people are coming up with, like, when I said, Hey, have you guys start new to them? Think about trying? Someone literally went to the website and came back and says, this looks like a scam.
Dan: They have like 3 pages, and it looks like it was built by some 12 year old kids. And I'm like, Okay.
Dan: great fucking feedback. Excuse my French, right? I'm not asking my cousin for feedback. This is a stranger who has. Doesn't. They have no filter. They don't care about me or they don't. And on top they don't even know on my website.
Dan: And so immediately I'm like, All right, go fix that.
Dan: They came back, and I'd be like, Oh, looks at the update of the website. And they're like looks this. But this looks a little scammy still, when I check out and like, you're getting this feedback from actual possible customers right?
Dan: And even when you're going through and you're asking more and more questions, you're basically just keep asking, why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Until you convert someone?
Dan: Right?
Dan: But you're getting to learn really, the objectives and sale process all these things that later on will become scalable over time.
Dan: Gotcha, yeah.
Anthony De Silva: Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'll just add in really quickly, that I have a little bit of the privilege of having observed Dan from, you know, early on in their journey with nutrisense, and I think you may have picked up on it just from his comment, but in very crass words, Dan did not give a fuck like he was willing to do whatever it took
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to get the information he needed to figure out what was happening with the impressions of people of this company online, how to get customers into the door, even during techstars like they went rogue so many times because they were so focused on like packaging their goods, shipping them to customers, and like focusing on all of that growth and progress. So if I were you guys, I love that Chris and Anka are raising their hands, too, like we could spend a lot of time just
Neal Sáles-Griffin: this slide, because, like Anthony or someone asked, like you, all should be like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: gradually unpacking the early traction and progress that Dan figured out without any expertise experience in any of the domains that he developed. You know, some experience around just through brute force. So let's go to Chris.
Dan: Okay.
Dan: Good. Chris.
Chris Wong: Yeah, I pure, curious. What 2 things one is like, what do you when when you say engagement? What does that look like to you. What are you trying to get? What kind of engagement are you trying to get out of them? And then the other one is, what were your conversations like in messenger like, what were you trying to do with them in messenger? Yeah.
Dan: So you're always, I mean, you guys know the marketing funnel right at the highest level. You want to get people as deep as possible in your marketing funnel. So at the end, it's always credit card. My credit card's been processed. That's the end goal here, right.
Chris Wong: Yeah.
Dan: So the 1st engagement was always like, I just need like it's always I was thinking, like, I just need people to put a comment. Say something
Dan: right? That means that at least a group is resonating. If you go into like a peloton group, it's like half a million people.
Dan: If I can't get 5, 10 people to start talking in a thread with me of half a million people when they have hundreds of engagements. Then this is the group is that this audience is not working. It's almost like top of funnel. Is the peloton group, even excited about glucose monitoring in the peloton group.
Dan: Right. So that's number one.
Dan: Once I've gotten really good at that. So I'm like, Okay, I'm getting good engagement from all these people. The next one is.
Dan: I thought just what I was telling was wrong. I thought I was getting to the website, get them to buy.
Dan: But it turned out that was too forceful because the website needs so much rework.
Dan: And so then I was pushing to the website to start looking at. And they were giving such negative feedback. And I was like, Okay, I need, I need to reiterate.
Dan: And so then I realized, okay, we're waiting here. But I'm going to push them to the messenger now
Dan: and on a messenger I basically was trying to understand like, Hey, why do you feel this way?
Dan: Why are you responding? Why are you interested? Why are you engaging this conversation?
Dan: Some of the conversations were basically like, there's people who just love to chit chat. You know. I'm I'm a stay at home, mom, I have nothing to do. I'm lunch and chit chat in these groups. No problem, not the right customer. Some people are like, Oh, I'm super passionate about this. And I'm an expert. And I listen to these podcasts and these books and all these things. And I'm like, huh, I'm now building understanding of like okay.
Dan: this guy's engaged. And he does these things. Guess what people like him hang out. And these podcasts and these books and these newsletters and these blogs. So now I'm building actual audience in my head of that out of half a million people that were in this peloton group. Maybe 20 engagement me out of those 2010 are not the right people. They're just chit chats. 10 are the right people. Where else did they hang out? Because I want to find a place where all of them hang out. Not just 1% of them hang out right?
Dan: And so I'm building conviction now. And so the next guy I'm talking to people saying one just gave me all this information about Peter Attia, let's say, and he gave me information about Tim Ferris. He gave me information about all these other podcasts. Now, the next person I'm talking to, I go. Do you listen to Peter? Yes, oh, really, did you hear him talk about glucose monitoring many times.
Dan: Did you hear about this company? Nutrisense? Yeah. Are they any good? I'm not sure. Oh, you saw Steven Peloton group. Talk about how awesome they are! I did.
Dan: Have you ever thought about trying it? Oh, that's a good question.
Dan: And I'm just asking these questions right for getting excited, but I'm as I'm learning more about the customer. I'm doing 2 things. One, I'm figuring out. Where should I market to them later? Where should I find more of these people but 2? I'm also learning. How do I speak to these people?
Dan: You know
Dan: there's a there's a line I always say, don't sell, no matter how amazing your product is. If you sell in dog food to a cat person, it simply won't work.
Dan: you know. It's the best ever. And so I'm trying to understand who you are and where you hang out. And what is that resonates with you before I try to sell you, and so on. This 1st couple of chats was just learning about these people and what stops them right, and who they are, and how they are. And then in many ways reiterating back to you right
Dan: in many. I mean, it's kind of like
Dan: dating right. I'm sure you heard this reference. You know. You go on a date with someone, and they might tell you they want Xyz. But you don't care about those things.
Dan: But if the next person that goes on a date with that individual. They want Xyz. It's super good match
Dan: the part the with dating. You only get one person. You should theoretically date.
Dan: And Mary, but but customers, there's millions of them.
Dan: And so when you learn from the 1st 10 customers they want Xyz, you pretty much have to just say back to them.
Dan: right?
Dan: It's it's pretty fascinating. But
Dan: that's what we were doing. So we were getting them on phone calls. And then the so it's trying to get information from them. But then, as we got them deeper and we got more and more customers who knew what they want to know, then it was actually trying to get them to pay.
Dan: So then I was trying to get people to pay with like we were using that point in time, a type form with a credit with a strip integration because we didn't even have checkout page yet.
Dan: And we start getting people to just pay right on the spot.
Chris Wong: You mentioned. Sorry for quick follow. You mentioned phone calls. What do you mean like? Were you phone calling people as well, or like getting them from messenger to phone call or.
Dan: Yeah. Messenger to video call.
Chris Wong: Okay.
Dan: It's always, you know, it's you always to think about like the, for the closer you get to be a huge to a human, the easier to convince them.
Chris Wong: Yeah.
Dan: You know, if I just like put your, you know, if I'm putting in a Facebook group message, you might see it. And all of a sudden you might respond and ignore me a week later. If I'm chatting with, you can still ignore me when we're doing a video call. It's really hard to hamp on someone.
Dan: Right?
Dan: I mean, think about how many times you're like on video calls when you think this person's so stupid.
Dan: Yeah, you still listen to them because you have a 30 min allotment. It's very hard to get off
Dan: right.
Dan: And so you're kind of working that funnel. You're trying to get them on a video call.
Dan: And then next one is you're trying to get them to put a credit card down. Or maybe maybe if you can't get them to pay for the whole product. Maybe you get them to put down payment down right? You're just trying to figure out what is that funnel. You try to incrementally move closer to paying for the product right?
Dan: And a lot of times it's too hard from like I just heard about you 5 min ago. So I'm gonna put $100 for your product.
Dan: So you just gotta slowly move that down that funnel right? And remember, our product was $250.
Dan: So put $250 for a random product with a website with one page it's kind of scary, right.
Dan: And so we were moving down that funnel.
Chris Wong: Thank you.
Dan: Of course.
Dan: Looks like Alex. You have a question.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, I don't know if uncle you wanted to go first.st But hey, Dan, thanks for being here. I'm just trying to unpack the. You've said a lot of things that have helped me, you know, unpack whatever you were doing, I'm just not clear. So you have those those 8 accounts
Alex Nativelle: that are like an old lady, a young man. And you're asking questions like, Hey, guys like.
Alex Nativelle: you know, is nutrisense any good? I've seen their website, but not sure. If it's a scam or not. Whatever, then people comment, etc. And then how do you? And then you? You answer with your other accounts right, and you create a thread of engagement. Then from there I'm not. I'm a bit confused into how you as done like the real one, get on a call with them, and then move them along the funnel.
Dan: Sure. Well, let's play this game. How would you do it? Let's pretend there is, let's say so. There's 8 counts. 7 are fake one's real one's me. How would you do it? Theoretically.
Alex Nativelle: I think I would let the engagement thread like flow a bit right like you mentioned 50 or 60 comments. I would like try to see how it impacts. And then, you know.
Alex Nativelle: once the person seems interested enough like
Alex Nativelle: comment with your real account like, Hey, I'm Dan. Thanks so much for the feedback, maybe do it like a kind of an entrepreneur way, like we're real. We're not scam. We're a real entrepreneur trying to build something. I can explain it to you if we get on a call and then maybe message them on messenger
Alex Nativelle: like once. It has a bit of engagement.
Dan: You should try that you should try this experience. I haven't done that way. You should definitely try that way. We did a little differently. I now pointed, I basically just whatever the topic that we start talking about. Or, for example, some would say, Oh, I actually let's say, once we got engagement. And someone in the group said, Oh, I actually heard about them at this influencer or this podcast I would and say, Hey, do you mind, if I chat with you for 5 min I had some more questions about them, because I'm thinking about purchasing.
Alex Nativelle: So as you're the real you right?
Dan: As the real me. But they don't know. It's my company. Because my company, this point in time, my website is a 1 page.
Alex Nativelle: Okay? Yeah.
Alex Nativelle: Oh, so you, the real you, you feel okay, you you were like, Oh, can you talk to me about this guy? But you you were not like I'm the founder.
Dan: No, no, no.
Alex Nativelle: Like real person, like interested.
Dan: Yeah. Yeah, for some.
Alex Nativelle: Don't forget.
Dan: Like, Oh, I try this other product. That's also really cool, like, instead of this one. That's why I think they're a competitor, or I think I've heard some similar. Here's this one I tried, I would say. Oh, Ashley, thanks! Can I chat more with you about that? Because I'm intrigued to learn more.
Dan: You have like 5 min, and they'll say, Sure, I mean, like, Can I message you on on Facebook messenger? And they would say, of course you just add them, and you message them.
Alex Nativelle: Okay. But okay. And so they they have no idea that you're the founder of this company. Right?
Dan: No, this point in time. No, this is why they have no idea, and then I'm not the first.st This is the 1st ones right. And now, at this point, just with them. And I'm like, Oh, why'd you try this one? Why not that one? Why not this one right.
Dan: And I'm trying to get as many people as possible to do a chat with me, or you know, and ideally, after the chat the call. Right?
Dan: Okay?
Dan: I'm trying to learn right.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, yeah, no, definitely.
Dan: And then for me, I'm learning everything, because this is, remember, I started with nothing I came from consulting and finance.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah.
Dan: So I'm like, what the hell is marketing or how do I convince someone? Or what's our in product? Our product didn't exist. By the way we just had, we didn't build it yet
Dan: doesn't exist yet. So I don't know the customers. I don't know any of these basic stuff. You guys are way more advanced than I ever was, because I didn't know anything
Dan: and not knowing anything, almost made it better stuff you're like, I'm gonna do. Xyz this. How it works for me I was like, I don't know, I guess. Who are these people is. Go find them out. So I just had try a bunch of stuff. And so, yeah, the goal was to get these people on if they're engaged means that they have some interest or knowledge about this topic, so I just had to get on the call. And I just said, Can we chat about this topic? And sometimes they would say, like, oh, I do a finger prick, which is a different device. And I'm like, really.
Dan: how often you been doing it. They're like this much time, really. How much money you spend on that this much money. Now I'm building a profile, my deal customer in my mind.
Dan: And now, all of a sudden, like I know, like, I'm starting to believe like, okay, how much money they make, how much money they spend, what they look like, why, they're doing it. And I would say, what do you like about it? What do you not like about it?
Dan: And I'm not selling symptom. They're so open to it.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, that's amazing. Thanks. So much for unpacking this. I was.
Dan: Yeah.
Alex Nativelle: So it's really, really interesting. And then how so? Those are not people that you try to sell to afterwards, because you're like, Oh, surprise. I'm actually the founder like, how.
Dan: Sure, sure, sure sometimes I would like if it was the beginning, because this remember this first, st like 1020 trying to learn. Then afterwards I got better, and I try to sell as well.
Dan: but, for example, in these ones, I was basically sometimes inadvertently sell what I would say something like, Oh, did you listen like a couple of weeks would go by. And I would say, did you listen to this podcast carol, my co-founder. She started doing podcasts as well as a guest. I would send a podcast and say, Hey, remember, we talked about your glucose finger pricking.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah.
Dan: Listen to her podcast and they would literally listen. Because now we build a poor buddies. Right? Yeah, what everything they said they hated or they didn't like about finger pricking
Dan: the pot. The care had a bullet points in the podcast talk about how much is better than that.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, they just.
Dan: Told me every single thing they hate about this experience. I'm taking that information writing down. Knowing this is, we're going to put on a website. And we redid our website. Do you hate finger pricking?
Dan: Because I just had 10 people tell me they hate finger pricking. You hate to have to check it. 30 times. I put it on website. You hate checking 30 times. And it's like when they go back. And then when Kara's go on these podcasts. She's talking about, hey? You know, 5 things people hate. And he's finger pricking hate, checking 30 times. And she's talking about these things. And I just sent a link. We have a relationship now, personally, just listens to the podcast 30 min ago. Wow, this is really good.
Alex Nativelle: Hmm.
Dan: They go to the website. And it's literally repeating the same thing. So what's happened is they told me all their problems.
Dan: If I just tell the problems back to them. It sounds like I'm selling them. It sounds like they. The people are smart. They know you're full of shit right.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, yeah.
Dan: But if I just send them a link of someone else talking about this on a podcast.
Dan: And then a website that literally talks about all the same things. They said it feels like it resonates with them.
Dan: And then it clicks.
Dan: Okay, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: For those people. Yeah, so okay.
Alex Nativelle: Issue.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I have a quick disclaimer to offer up with the question. So, Ankur, you're up next. I just want to say a couple of things here to pay attention to that you're hearing from Dan. I love that you all are getting a whole bunch from Dan just on the single slide. That is the goal he has a lot of stuff that he can share still. But even if we spend all of the time here, it's worthwhile, in my opinion, because you're unlocking even more insights from Dan right now with your questions. There's 2 layers that I need you all to pay attention to. With this, though.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: no one was at Techstars, Chicago giving this workshop when Dan was doing the stuff that he's talking about.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: He had to figure this out himself. So there's a way that he is, and how he thinks and how he approaches problem solving. That is just as important to unpack
Neal Sáles-Griffin: as the specific tactics that is is awesome that you guys are drawing from him right now. But my only advice is like when you, when you're digging into Dan, don't just let up by getting the specifics of the How on his tactics, try to also understand the man and what was going on in his mind, and how he developed his entrepreneurial kind of muscles to like wiggle his way around progress, no matter what happened with his business. So that's just my like broad advice for all of you. So anchor dig in.
Dan: I was. Gonna say, maybe I that's what I said, beginning, Neil's right like this strategy worked for us.
Dan: We also have 30 different strategies didn't work right? So this so and this is 6 years ago. So maybe Facebook group doesn't work for you. Maybe Reddit works for you. Maybe Tiktok works for you. So you should think about this. It's creating that funnel and saying, How do I keep putting people down? How do I keep putting people down, moving people down, over and over. And sometimes people think about the funnel just being straight. Sometimes it's more like a zigzag, right? You can get on this, maybe on the one funnel. You can only get it 3 steps down, but you can't go further. Some fun. You can go like 6 steps down right.
Dan: But it's always thinking about that. How do I move people closer and closer? And you should think about just humans you think about as like in some ways your early customers are. You're almost. You're trying to become friends with them.
Dan: Right? And so how do I make a friend?
Dan: I don't just walk up to someone and say, Hey, let's be best friends.
Dan: It's fucking scary, right? Same thing. When you're saying, Give me your credit card pay for this practice same thing.
Dan: You may meet someone
Dan: at a coffee shop, or you meet someone in your class, and you ask a couple of questions right? Get to know them.
Dan: And then you see if you have some of the qualities that they like what you like, you know, they like to party. And you like to study. You're not gonna be friends. And that's what you're discovering. Right? So if you think about it, you're actually kind of developing a friendship just at hyper scale. Right?
Dan: And that's what you should be thinking about these kind of things. And with all these channels at the early stages again, this is these things should not be scalable. These are manual things that help you discover and understand your customer, and get much more granular.
Ankur Toshniwal: So I was.
Ankur Toshniwal: I was way ahead of you, Neil. I was digging into the Why here, I'm curious. So you said you started out. You're like, Hey? I don't know how to build. I don't know how to sell.
Ankur Toshniwal: What did your co-founder do that enabled you to, or you know, what do you? How did you approach your own role?
Ankur Toshniwal: Where you were like? Okay, I need to go build these things like.
Ankur Toshniwal: maybe, what were some of the habits that you kind of went after. The second was without a product. Yeah, I guess. Like, what was, what was your co-founder doing? What was, were you like full time doing marketing? And then they were doing other stuff? Or were you guys doing marketing together? And you were jamming on it, you know. So just curious.
Dan: He was building software. So he was building software the whole time. And I was doing the marketing piece.
Dan: So he was, yeah, he's doing, Mark. He was doing hardware.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And and and as a as a disclaimer on her. Just for you and Andrew. You and Andrew remind me of Alex and Dan, just to be clear like as a pair. You all have similar kind of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like aspects and skill sets.
Dan: We had to be. We had to be very clearly defined, and I think, by the way, one of the biggest mistakes I think companies make.
Dan: and I think
Dan: I didn't appreciate it before was a lot of times you start a company. You start a company with someone almost like yourself. You're an engineer, you said, oh, I have an engineer, if we'll do it together.
Dan: or you're maybe you're a marketer, and you say, Oh, let me get a marketer friend together, or I'm a consultant. I get a consultant friend or I'm an investment banker. I get an investment banker friend, and that's 1 of the biggest mistakes, I see, because some people are really really good selling, but they're both good at selling no one's building, or they're really good at engineering. But then there's no selling. You always have the beginning. Only 2 things matter which is, build and sell, letting nothing else. And so you always want to almost want a partner who's the opposite of you.
Dan: and your roles are clearly defined. It's only you're only selling. You're only building right
Dan: outside of those 2 roles like almost nothing else matters literally nothing else.
Dan: Did I answer your question, Clark?
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, I guess I was curious also, just like when you were when you're actually
Ankur Toshniwal: what did your co-founder knew had had the skills. Do you have any insight on, maybe? Why, you guys, he picked or she picked you as your co-founder, right? Was like
Ankur Toshniwal: you just really wanted to do it. You were like you had some insight into the space beforehand. It was just like we were friends. Yeah.
Dan: Just friends. We were friends since we were like 2 years old. Looking back at it, he was a very risky decision for him to pick me because I had no skills at all, and his skills were very perfect for this.
Dan: He is a technical guy, but he's in Java background and done several startups before that. All his engineer
Neal Sáles-Griffin: He knew you were relentless, Dan, I I promise you you probably know this for sure. You're being humble, but like I think Alex knew that there was a dog in you that would figure out anything which is exactly what you've demonstrated. Would you agree.
Dan: That's possible. That's possible.
Dan: Yeah, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think there's a certain way of being that you carry where, like the the details matter, the practicality of things matter, and you have 0 tolerance for bullshit.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's nothing vapid that you allow into your life. From what I've seen.
Dan: Yeah, no, I would maybe agree with that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright, then.
Vivian: Hi, dan I'm Vivian. I'm CEO of making auto easy. We match people to the right cars and dealerships, and I used to do that for people. And it was that was actually how I got all my 1st customers who went to Facebook, mommy groups and just like asked who was having a hard time, and I would send them resources as my other self.
Dan: Literally, yeah, literally, whatever. Yeah.
Vivian: Love doing that. I'm wondering what like I have a specific question about how often was your cadence? That was one of the things like, how often would you be posting in that peloton group where it wasn't overwhelming? And I guess you had more people like more aliases than I did.
Dan: Yeah, I mean. So I was. It was to me it was just as many groups as possible.
Dan: So it wasn't just a peloton group. It was. I was trying to get as many groups as possible, and I was. I knew that those channels are not scalable, so I didn't do it for very long. I only did it for maybe 3 to 4 months.
Dan: I did them as a way to get the first, st like 50 customers.
Dan: So I can both one get revenue
Dan: and 2 to start. Understand who my customers really are.
Dan: because you're constantly always playing the game of like, I need to super unscalable things to move to semi, scalable.
Dan: to then scalable.
Dan: I don't think the Facebook groups are scalable model right? I think they're the ones that get you the 50, maybe 100, if you're really good at 2, 300 customers. But I was doing that to develop that, not knowledge. And what happened is, once I developed that knowledge, I realized, hey.
Dan: I have. I understand now the exact influencer people listening to the exact blogs. People listen to an exact podcast people listening to. And then I started moving to that direction. And then over time, I stopped doing the Facebook groups.
Vivian: And that kind of leads into my second question is like, What did you do next? Like? You talked about 30 other channels that may or may not have worked. And what was your the way that you ran your experiments.
Dan: Sure. Yeah. So then, what I did is so I did podcasted influencers.
Dan: I'll go one at a time with podcasts.
Dan: And you give you guys context, I'll maybe I'll show a slide later. Every channel can go from
Dan: non scalable to semi, scalable to super scalable.
Dan: But as you move from not scalable to super scalable. It just costs money right?
Dan: So, for example, so we did. We didn't have a lot of money. So we went with not scalable. So it means that we rip, we basically pulled a, we pulled all the different podcasts in our space. Now that we knew that Peter Tia and Rhonda, Patrick and all these people were like our space. We pulled all the podcasts ring from one to 1,000.
Dan: And we learned really quickly, you can't get a top 50 podcasts. It's really, really hard.
Dan: And so we did is we treated like a popularity contest.
Dan: We went to number 1,000 Podcaster.
Dan: And we said, Could we come in your podcast as a guest
Dan: and that person maybe gets, I don't know. 500 listens per episode, not a lot.
Dan: And then he said, Of course, easy. We went to the number 1,000.
Dan: We obviously did a very average job as ourselves, because it's our 1st time new to podcast so number one. But we got some content.
Dan: There's 500 listeners, 2 of them actually signed up because they listen. There's somebody could listen for an hour. And 3, we said to the podcast afterwards, Thank you so much. Do you know anyone in 9 50 to 900 range? And we gave him a list of these people. And he's like, Oh, my cousin's doing a podcast. That's his. Podcast, my friends, this podcast. Over here. So now we're on 2 podcasts. There are 9 to 9 50.
Dan: We go on again. We're a little better now, because we had some practice.
Dan: And now all of a sudden they have 2 to 3,000 listeners, and then 10 people convert from there.
Dan: Then we do that, and we have better content that we go to the next those guys and say, Do you know anyone in a 900 to 800 range? And we give them a list? They say, oh, I know this person, this person right? It's these people are all in the same industry. They're all friends. They all know each other, and you work your way up, and we worked our way up like that over 5 years to get to all the way Joe Rogan and all the main brands. It takes a lot of time, and it's super annoying
Dan: because the little guys they don't generate much for you, but it's still the same amount of effort.
Dan: But you get content. We could share to new people. The introductions happen right?
Dan: and you can work your way up all the way to the top, literally to the top. It's wild.
Dan: Does that help Vivian.
Vivian: Yeah, thank you so much.
Dan: And I will say that when and then what happens is
Dan: that content? It's not just like, Oh, we put an Instagram post. It's like an hour and a half someone's interviewing you, the audience that's listening. They really trust you. By the way, afterwards.
Dan: And on that podcast we sell nothing. Just so if you listen to any of our podcasts that we've been on, we've been to like hundreds now.
Dan: hundreds. We sold nothing. We didn't. When I say sold nothing. We didn't say, Buy this, buy this ever. We just talked about the importance of glucose control. And why? It's important. What's the best methodology?
Dan: And the listeners then go and look up the speaker
Dan: and they go to your website to find out who you are, and they're like, Oh, they're an expert in this, and they just purchase.
Dan: And so if you see this a lot of times, a lot of the best podcast, guests. They never actually sell anything. They never say bye, bye, but a lot of people buy afterwards. And then when you take that content, you say, hey? I was on Joe Rogan podcast and you put it, you ask it. You show it to an influencer. It's much easier to get an influencer talk to you, too.
Dan: Right? And so you're creating this. You're borrowing authority from other people, but you have to start from a bottom, and you work your way up
Dan: and you lit it. We had it filed like we're going to reach out to 950 to a thousand. Get as many as possible. 9, 9, 50 to 900, as many possible. And then you work your way up
Dan: and we did almost the exact same with influencers. We try to go to the celebrities. They all ignored us, or they wanted a lot of money up front.
Dan: right? And so we started with like the micros. And
Dan: again, we knew that. Let's say we do 10 posts with 10 micro influencers.
Dan: We knew that most of them aren't gonna work.
Dan: We needed, like one out of 20 to work. And it was okay.
Dan: But they're more flexible, too.
Dan: What happened is a lot of them. We paid them only per conversion, right?
Dan: Because they're micro, they're more willing to do it. And then, as we move it up more and more and more certain, higher and higher influencers we start realizing like, Oh, a doctor. Male doctor doesn't really work. But a female doctor works really well.
Dan: A chiropract doesn't really work. But for some reason a physical therapist does work.
Dan: And we start seeing these trends. We start tracking like, why they're working, why they're not.
Dan: And it became much more focused. And we're like, okay. Now, we know we're going to go after chiropractors or physical therapists in this age range. They'll look like this, and we're going to see what have to convert.
Dan: But again, what's interesting? Influencers, influencers know other influencers.
Dan: So when you work with one.
Dan: it is so much easier to ask one be like, hey? Can you introduce me to more people like, or even look at his Linkedin or his Instagram? Say, hey! I saw you connect to these 4 people who are following him or her can introduce me, and they always always say, Yes.
Dan: right versus having. DM, everyone from scratch.
Dan: Is that all.
Vivian: When you were testing that out. Were you doing multiple channels at once? Because, like, you figured out what works. So did you focus on one growing, that one scaling it before moving on to the next.
Dan: I wish it was like that. Unfortunately, no. When you're tiny, you have to do all at the same time, because the response rate is so small.
Vivian: Ugh.
Dan: Like. And there's such a big lag. So let's say, podcast we'd reach out to 50 podcasts that were low bottom of the barrel. Right.
Dan: Then they would agree, like, say, 10 respondents say, would they agree? Talk to us?
Dan: Then we would schedule a call, and these calls would get scheduled 1, 2, 3 weeks from now.
Dan: Then, we get in the call. Half on the call. Hated us, half liked us. So you're down to 5,
Dan: and then they would schedule, you know. Then we would schedule podcasts like 2, 3 months out.
Dan: And then you do the podcast. And then you get released like 2, 3 months out.
Dan: So there's such a big delay from like, even from them saying they, they agreed to talk to you, to the outer, you know, to the podcast being posted. Same with influencers.
Dan: What happens is
Dan: when you are at the scalable influence. We're like here's a million dollars. They'll do whatever you want. The moment you do it. When you do one scalable, they do it on their own cadence when it's convenient for them.
Dan: So you're sacrificing that right. But you have to make the sacrifice to learn. So we had all these happening all the same time, however, because they were so intermittent, so like, we would have a post, 20 customers. And all of a sudden it'd be no post for 3 weeks, then a podcast 50 customers to know nothing again, then Facebook group. And so what happens? You could track the conversions, almost 1 1 for one, because there were so few.
Dan: Ironically. Now, as we're bigger, and we have like 50 channels, not 50 channel, but by 15 channels. It's actually harder for our marketers to understand where customers are coming from.
Dan: because they never got the gut feel. I'll give you an example, a simple one that I've seen over and over when we 1st started an influencer a post. There's only one influencer. So we knew exactly where it's coming from.
Dan: And all of a sudden, like our Google traffic would increase like 5,000%,
Dan: because we've noticed that almost every single time an influencer posted people didn't click on a link for the influencer, they would literally Google us.
Dan: And so naturally, I started realizing, okay, this is the flow. How it works
Dan: versus people who are not good marketers or people have not been through experience.
Dan: They'll be like, Oh, Google's working. Spend more money on Google.
Dan: not connecting the dots right? But you only get that gut feel by seeing this happening when you have one piece at a time. But no, we were doing all at the same time.
Vivian: Awesome. Thank you so much.
Dan: Yeah. But in your space, by the way, you could do the same thing, you could literally find influencers.
Dan: create a list from like lowest to highest, and just work your way up.
Vivian: Yeah, absolutely.
Dan: Yep, Mark. Cool.
Mark Wong: Oh, yeah, I guess my question is more along the line of experimentation phase of like testing the market out.
Mark Wong: When you're doing outreach for your product. And like, let's say you don't get the reception you're expecting. What kind of goes into your mind if you wanna like. Continue. Is it like moving forward with marketing efforts or realizing it's not really the pro. Maybe the product isn't the thing that people want? So how do you go about thinking.
Dan: Yeah, yeah. It's on B, 2 B or B, 2 C.
Mark Wong: On a, b, 2 b.
Dan: Yeah, and a b 2 b, it's it's actually much easier in b 2 b than b, 2 c, because in b 2 b. If they tell you they don't want it, they probably don't want it.
Dan: And then you got to change your product right.
Mark Wong: Okay.
Dan: A lot of times I'm sure Neil has more advice here, but I think on a b 2 b. It's a lot of time like, if somebody like you for one, you should have a number in your mind like I know that a lot of b 2 b spaces.
Dan: If you're good, you're converting 2 to 5% of people anyways.
Dan: And so if 95%, 95% people said to you, no.
Dan: you still still keep going until you get to a hundred percent people.
Dan: Because if the numbers are small, if, like, you talk to 20 people, it's not enough to know if it's just like them, or if it's really the market.
Dan: your product so would be to be. You have to keep talking to enough to realize that the ratio is lower than 2 to 5%.
Dan: So that's number one. But if you've done, if you've talked to 500 or 1,000 customers and no potential customer. No one said, they want it.
Dan: Then you probably should pivot, but numbers too small like you still keep trying.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, the threshold for effort needs to be extensive, like Dan just said. And most people undercut that just like they undercut the number of investors they need to talk to in order to close around same deal.
Dan: Exactly. I mean, I mean example here for investors. I'll give you guys an example.
Dan: and it's good to have these numbers in your mind like.
Dan: Again, some industries, people close like 1%, some close 10%. But in general, like 2 to 5 is kind of like the ratio people close on B, 2 B, right?
Dan: If your people want your product. So even if your product's amazing, they want it, you still close 2 to 5% of the time.
Dan: Think about that.
Dan: So if you like, how many customers potential customers.
Mark Wong: Oh, it's again sorry!
Dan: How many potential customers have you spoken to.
Mark Wong: I think we we haven't, really. I think we're using Jtpds to kind of get customers as well. But I guess almost maybe like 10 at most. Yeah.
Dan: Yeah. Yeah. So I mean, like, here's the thing. Let's say all 10 said no to you numbers too small to know if it's actually the product. Or you just haven't talked to enough.
Dan: Once you get to like 100 200. If you're still getting 100%. Elvis, I'm like, okay, maybe it's the product you need to adjust.
Dan: Well, numbers are that small is just too few to know. Honestly, it's just too few.
Mark Wong: That's a good thought. Yeah. So just keep pushing forward. It sounds like and do marketing.
Dan: You have to put a number, I think, just like it's similar. B, 2 B is almost similar to fundraising, which is interesting. You need a proportion of conversions in your mind when you rejection hurt.
Dan: So for us, for example, I mean, we thought we were really bad at fundraising, like we. Actually, I thought we actually to this day. I still think we're about it. But we still somehow raised 42 million dollars.
Dan: even though we're bad.
Dan: But to give you context.
Dan: we had this ratio reminder. Like, all right, you should be closing like, around 2%.
Dan: Yeah, there are people for fundraising. There are people who are amazing. They go talk to the first, st second investor, and they get 10 million. You're like, Oh, my God, right? And there's also stories. People talk to 600 investors
Dan: and they close it. But in general most people are like should be around 2%.
Dan: So and for us, I think we talked to a hundred, 64 investors.
Dan: right? And the nice thing about when you put a frame like that or like, Oh, I'm going to close 2%. It's not like when I talk to you, I'm not gonna close you. I'm gonna close 2% of people I talk to. So when I say, 164, I go. Okay, no, no. I just go to these meetings expecting to know
Dan: and just do my portion. Okay, I'm still 0. Still 0. 0, 1 said, Yes, okay. Now I'm a 1%.
Dan: And then all of a sudden emotion goes out of it.
Dan: It makes it a lot easier
Dan: and with customers the same thing you should. When you go to customers, you're like, all right, assume my product is awesome. I'm going to close close 2 to 5% of people.
Dan: probably 2%. Because you're a startup right?
Dan: It gets the motion out of it so much it makes it easier to sell
Dan: because you go in there assuming that they're probably gonna say, no, and that's okay. And you just mark it off as another. No, no, no, it's not a big deal.
Dan: it really helps that way. Honestly.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But Dan 1 1 caveat, though, is that a lot of founders? And I'm sure you've seen this are often delusional and not sober when they're
Neal Sáles-Griffin: setting expectations in their mind about how ready they are to even put themselves out for fundraising. You get that experience because you had an investable business that had significant traction. And you had a model that demonstrated more input from capital leads to more growth and progress for the business, that you could make a case for with math, and I think a lot of founders try to take your advice, but they don't have the substance to back it up to go out there into market and actually talk to investors about it.
Dan: Yeah, I agree. I mean, I think, step one is, we had the revenue right? We always said, build product, build revenue, show traction, and it makes it easier. Right?
Dan: So it's again.
Dan: You know, there's groups of people, the point 1%
Dan: who they have a cousin or a friend, or they just get lucky. And someone wants to give them money.
Dan: If you're one of those people congratulations. I was not one of those people.
Dan: Majority of us need to create a business that actually makes financial sense before we go raise money.
Dan: Unfortunately, I was in that group, right? I think most founders in that group.
Dan: And so I 1st encourage you again get the revenue, get attraction. All I was trying to get to simplify is that in the end, the marketing, whether it's podcasts or influencers, or blogs or investors. It's almost the exact same approach.
Dan: right with investors. Same thing. You pull a list of investors from tier 5 to tier one, and you start the bottom. You never start with tier one ever you start tier 5, and you fuck up a bunch
Dan: and then you learn, and you're like, all right. Now you go to Tier 4 and you get a little better in tier 3. If you go to tier, one investors sequoise, and you fuck up right away. Oh, that's not good. Right? So you start with the bottom. It's the same way. I did the podcast I started the bottom, but not famous ones. I move my way up.
Dan: and you do the exact same thing here with investors, with influencers, with blogs. You don't go, Pr, or you do the same thing. It's with the bottomless. You move your way up. It's it's the same concept almost every single time.
Dan: So that's why I was trying to give you guys, it's not so much I use this tactic for an influencer. Pr, it's use the concept of like I'm building. I'm creating almost a popularity list. I'm working my way up, and I'm always starting to bottom.
Dan: and that, therefore, and number One and number 2 is I'm keeping in my mind that it's not a rejection. It is a percentage conversion.
Dan: And then it's every no, doesn't feel like a no.
Dan: because every note hurts. I know it hurts inside. You know, you spend a hundred hours working this. And someone says, I don't like this doesn't work, doesn't respond to your call and it like it really for me, at least, it hurts a lot
Dan: like kind of causing me a lot of anxiety and stress. I'm sure maybe you guys, too.
Dan: But if you're like, okay, it's 94 knows one. Yes, I got 75 left to go. It doesn't. You're like, I just you're expecting it. So I mean, it's no big deal, and it becomes much, much easier mentally.
Mark Wong: Yeah, I think building up that steel kind of skin. To do that and continue forward is something that we need definitely something to learn from. Yeah. So thank you.
Dan: I think what with the way you do, it is by putting an Excel model, it no longer becomes a conversation. These people become a little excel number.
Mark Wong: Yeah. Oh.
Dan: I'll give an example. I just did this. Actually, I'm doing some b 2 b now, right?
Dan: And this is all direct consumer started doing b 2 b, and I was like, I've never done b 2 b anymore before.
Dan: And I'm go. I went to this conference. Jp. Morgan Conference in Nashville about like what? 4 days ago, 5 days ago.
Dan: And there's like 400 people there.
Dan: And I started reading through it. I was like, that's going to take me like 1,000 h to understand what all these companies do.
Dan: So what I did was kind of a similar mindset.
Dan: Please don't tell them, because people are going to be. There's only Ceos there. And what I did is I actually emailed every single CEO to meet up
Dan: knowing that 80% are not gonna be applicable to me.
Dan: And I email all, every single CEO out of all those, I think, like, only 7 or 8% people responded to me, saying they're interested in talking to me.
Dan: and then I want to research the company to see if I want to talk to them.
Dan: and only the ones that are applicable. Don't I schedule a meeting with those.
Mark Wong: Oh!
Dan: Because it saved me so much time. So now I had to only review 8% of companies, 7 or 8% of companies to see what they do
Dan: versus the other 92% that would have ignored me. In the 1st place.
Dan: right? It saved me so much freaking time. It was insane.
Dan: versus the other method, like, I met a couple of people that I knew there. And they're like, Yeah, man, this took me like a month and a half. Prepare for this conference. I'm like, really took me like 4 h
Dan: right? Because I knew like, why am I even going to try to talk to someone. Why am I going to write? Look, research them, and think about all the stuff that they're going to ignore me in the 1st place, and so like this saved me the same amount of time. It's the same strategy, like I'm like, all right. How do I take the influencer? But put it to meeting Ceos of companies.
Dan: Same concept, right? Just applying that mindset of like, how do I grow? Hack it right more effectively?
Dan: And then, from all those. By the way, guess what I met all these Ceos? Out of those I got like 4 partnerships.
Dan: right? And I think I had like 18 meetings in person there got 4 partnerships. Probably gonna drive us an extra 1 million revenue
Dan: right?
Dan: And so just cut it down immediately. Really, really slow, really, really, deeply.
Dan: So.
Mark Wong: Dude. That's awesome. Yeah, thank you. Thank you for all that.
Dan: Of course, Carla, I think you had a hand up.
Carlo Scaglia: Yes, Hi, Dan, Carla, just for context, what we have, we have a global network of like the world's best photographers and video makers, and we support businesses to create
Carlo Scaglia: really sick content, really efficiently. But what I wanted to know contingently to what you said was a little bit on how you iterate your distribution tactics. Because from what I've understood, everything that you're doing here is just like finding
Carlo Scaglia: the best way to distribute across multiple people. So then you're trying to find like a condensation of your customers. But every time, like you're learning, and then
Carlo Scaglia: kind of iterating to find like what's the next best distribution play around it. So I wanted to understand a little bit more how you go about like analyzing the results from one thing that you do to then finding, okay, actually, this is the better distribution. Play a little bit like what you said with the with the Google part that you said, if you do a podcast, but then go to Google. And others would say, like, Oh, I'm just going to put more money in Google, no, that's not the right approach. So I was curious to know literally how you go about thinking. Okay, why is the next best
Carlo Scaglia: distributor for my business?
Dan: How are you guys pre revenue post revenue? Or where are you guys.
Carlo Scaglia: Well, we'll post revenue. We got relatively cool clients.
Dan: How big is revenue? How big is your revenue? If you don't mind me asking.
Carlo Scaglia: Last year we made about 300 k. Now we float around about like anything between the 15 to like 30 K. Mark a month.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And how many are on your team? Carlo.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. Morning. So.
Dan: Okay, that's fair. I think at this point. So there's like now and later
Dan: right now, it's it's probably it's actually relatively easy. I mean, I think, that you should basically. Just
Dan: so let me take a step back here. What channels do you are using right now to get customers.
Carlo Scaglia: Word of mouth referrals.
Dan: Okay? And what's what's like the bottleneck for getting more of those.
Carlo Scaglia: Referrals is limited to how many clients we have no fairness, and being b 2 b. The sales cycles are somewhat long, and so it takes me. I will never ask for referral until we've done a job. When the client has seen that they like us, and they can like actually vouch for us. So I've got to wait, like at least you know something between like 6 months before I can ask a client for refer by the time they've engaged us on something, and then the word of mouth is up to the client. I've also started doing cold outreach but that's also limited to amount of
Carlo Scaglia: time that are good.
Dan: Yeah, yeah, I. So 2 things. One is, I would say, you're a little too early to try to analyze channel by channel.
Dan: because that's usually when you have, like.
Dan: you need enough data to realize it. Because if you know, if you have 50 clients here or 30 clients here and 20 clients from this channel. Then you could start saying, What's my return on investment? You're probably too early for that.
Dan: You're probably still like I need to scrape and push in every single direction.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah.
Dan: In your situation like you said word of mouth. You always want to make everyone make it easier for everyone. So, for example, the 2 clients. You have
Dan: what I would do, for example, if I was you, I would go look up
Dan: all the people, interact with the client site at the client and look up their Linkedin
Dan: and look up all the people they're connected with who could possibly be your partners.
Dan: And then just ask him for introductions to those people.
Dan: because the thing is a lot of times
Dan: referrals. People think about referrals like, oh, do you have any referrals for me? And then you're putting the work on their clients. Be like they think about like Hmm. Who do? I know that has something here here.
Dan: Right?
Dan: It's a lot of mental stress. I'll tell you an example like I asked Neil. Actually, Neil, on the call here for help recently.
Dan: and I didn't say, Hey, Neil, do you know anyone at hospitals? I said, Hey, Neil, do you know anyone at Rush or University of Chicago medicine.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah, that's where those like Linkedin magic links come in super handy as well.
Dan: Yeah. So I would look up and say, Oh, I saw this part. This person, maybe at the part of the client size is connected with 6 people at this other company. I would ask that person, hey, can you choose me to mark by any chance.
Dan: or can you, Steve? And so you're pulling that direction. So you're not saying, Give me a referral. Can you choose me to X person to that place? And then you get a person. You just try to talk to them and convince them, or you can even build repertoire of
Dan: maybe not selling it. But you're showing other work you're doing over here that's great, or maybe even offering some free work for a little bit. Honestly.
Dan: you should think about it also as a cost acquisition.
Dan: Think about this perspective. This is what people sometimes forget.
Dan: Let's say it takes you 6 months to get a customer X right.
Dan: And then they finally get paid. The other option is.
Dan: you give them some free work for 30 days.
Dan: and they become customer after 30 days.
Dan: because your time that 6 months is your classic cost right? It's 6 months. You're not getting revenue, not getting customers. That is actual cost acquisition. So sometimes better just give it away short time for free, but getting excited, or try it faster than wait longer. Right?
Dan: Because your time is actual money. That's actually the most valuable resource.
Dan: and so getting more people to try it faster is actually more impressive.
Carlo Scaglia: Okay, nice. That makes sense. Thanks, Dan.
Dan: Yup! Was that helpful? Do you wanna double click on any of that.
Carlo Scaglia: No, I mean, I I think it's helpful, just from an element of focusing part I I know, and I understand totally the
Carlo Scaglia: the element behind, like being precise on the Referrals. That's 1 thing that, like Neil, was very strict on us, right at the start of the
Carlo Scaglia: the program. But it was more so, I think when when we hear your tactics, it's quite easy to get.
Carlo Scaglia: you know hyped up by and be like, Oh, cool. Yeah, I'm gonna like, do all this approach and analyze this and go there and try this and try that. But then it's actually like understanding your phase and recognizing that you know.
Dan: I mean what I'm saying exactly what I mean. Like with influencer. We literally looked at the influencers who was found influencer. We had a relationship with who was following them that we wanted to get connected with.
Dan: and we didn't go too high. We didn't go like, if it was like influencer 10,000 followers. We didn't go to all day, a million person person following them. It was like, Okay, do they know any other influencer who have 2030,000 followers.
Dan: So here, if you're friends with the director of marketing at the company, or something.
Dan: you don't ask him to meet the CEO of a different company. You ask him to maybe meet a director of marketing at a different company he's friends with.
Dan: hey? Do you know, Steve, do you know, Josh, do you know, Kyle?
Dan: And you ask for 2, 3 people at 3 different companies? And they say, Yeah, I'd be like, do you mind making an introduction. So it's more casual, and it takes the work away from them.
Dan: You don't want to add work to them.
Dan: And by saying, you referrals, it's literally like, sometimes people tell me like, Hey, Dan, do you know, investors I could talk to. I'm like, you know, hundreds of investors. But like, seems like you're adding work to my brain. My brain. I'm like, I don't have time for this versus someone to me sometimes. Hey? I saw you connect with Steve, and I'm talking to you about this topic.
Dan: Do you think it'd be good for me to talk to you about how to best approach him. I go. Oh, yeah, great! And we get in a call. I tell you the approach, and then I sometimes make an intro.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah, that weekend.
Dan: That's what you thought about.
Carlo Scaglia: Makes sense.
Dan: Yeah, yeah. So you could do this. Actually, if you have those clients actually much easier to go through them.
Carlo Scaglia: Okay. Cool.
Dan: And I'm guessing those clients have, like 4 or 5 people you interact with.
Carlo Scaglia: Yes. So yeah, we'll, we'll usually walk with multiple people within the same business.
Dan: Yeah. So what you would do. Let's say you have 5 people interact with. And you try to get 2 intros from everyone with 5.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah. Yes. Exactly.
Dan: Possible, leads.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah. And the the benefit is that maybe we tend to sell for to agencies for now, and they'll be relatively global. Some will sell to like their Uk team or their Us. Team and their Germany team. So it's almost like 3 different clients from one single client.
Dan: Yeah, I mean, everyone in the space is friends. Everyone in the space.
Carlo Scaglia: Yeah.
Dan: And I guarantee you that one guy had a job before this and that other. The other gal also had a job before this. Hey? I saw you worked at place before here. Can you choose me? Someone there.
Carlo Scaglia: Exactly.
Dan: You want to make it as easy as possible without them thinking when they're like, Oh, sure, I'll introduce you to Steve or Kyle or Jeff.
Dan: The ideal goal for this, the outcome you really want. This is when you know you're succeeding.
Dan: When Steve or Josh is introducing you to the other person the referral via text.
Dan: not via email, not via Linkedin, but via text becomes personal
Dan: at the early days. You want to make it out about you selling the company. But you, as the don't choose as a founder like as like this is my friend Carlo. Meet him. You guys have a lot in common.
Dan: One thing that happens over time. And this is the problem with as you get bigger people, look you as a company, not as an individual, and they people look at you as just like, oh, they're going to try to sell me some shit.
Dan: but if they introduce you as Carlo as mark as Neil. As Alex, it becomes much easier.
Carlo Scaglia: Got it. So you want to get as much as possible. Text intros.
Carlo Scaglia: Nice. Thanks a lot, Dan.
Dan: And people also, by the way, have a hard time ignoring your text feed or phone call versus email. I can just ignore Linkedin. But texted, you know.
Carlo Scaglia: Totally.
Dan: One random hack that I think will help everyone here. One of the best things I've found over the years is sometimes people ignore me, or whatever I say, gently bumping up this thread.
Dan: it's like the nicest way to get response, and that's probably increased my like conversion by like 300%.
Dan: I don't know. I'm sure Neil's probably gotten this. I've a lot of people got.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Dan. Dan, like like it is. It is incredible, and it helps me a ton, because everybody who wants to help you doesn't always have the open space to do so. So with your relentless follow up and communication. It holds me accountable. It doesn't make me feel bad, and then I'm really eager to keep following up to make sure I get back to you with what you need. So selfish question, Dan, did you hear back from Garth?
Dan: No, not yet. But okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it. So he gave me his cell phone so hopefully.
Dan: Yeah, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And I can try and work with you on that. But yeah, I owe Dan some follow up there.
Dan: Yep. So yeah, generally bump into the thread. It's 1 of those things where it's like you're not knowing, because you're being kind of polite. But I don't know. I've done this via text and calls and emails and like, it's a lot of times people that have ignored me for like a month or 2 actually responded. And we get in a call. And sometimes you close the deal
Dan: like. So just so, you guys know, especially in b 2 b.
Dan: We've had deals that like, we talked to them in 2 years.
Dan: and something clicked inside the company. They got Budget. A new person joined another person quit who was a roadblock. And all of a sudden the deal wasn't happening all of a sudden happened. It's a million dollars, and you're like what? The fuck? Right? You just have to keep going. It's like reiteration. Follow, follow
Dan: Perea. Is that how you say it, Perea?
Paria: Hi, Hi, Dan, I have a question when you said like about meeting with Ceos, or like decision makers in conferences or trade shows. Actually, this is the best strategy for our company which is working in the manufacturing space to connect with the like such people. But my question here is like, what type of you know, messaging strategies you do you recommend, like, prior to the like conference, to
Paria: to approach them? Because for us, I mean, recently there was a trade show, and I was I mean, we did participate in this trade show. But the thing is, I did this way I mean, I contacted with the sales, but I didn't get so much response from them to kind of, you know. Make these meetings there. So what do you recommend in this aspect.
Dan: Yeah, interesting.
Dan: So it's funny for these Ceos that reached out. I have didn't have anything to sell to them.
Dan: I just reached out to try to understand how they work, what they do.
Dan: And I think that made a little more welcoming. I think a lot of times when people reach out. They immediately try to sell.
Dan: I knew that. Like when I reach, I basically look at conversations as, Hey.
Dan: it's it's funny. I stole this from techstars, actually. And I always. I almost end every call with anyone that's helpful to me, or just in general. Is is there any way I can help you?
Dan: And it seems to resonate very well with people. And so almost all these conversations, I don't try to sell anything to anyone.
Dan: and what happens a lot of times is, I will meet CEO, who is not even my space, but build a relationship, and they introduce me, someone in my space.
Dan: And so I'm guessing kind of the same. Ceos are friends of Ceos. Right? I mean, look at you guys, you guys are all Ceos, Cfo, Ctos. And you guys are all becoming friends. Imagine 10 years from now, you guys are all big companies. You guys are all new friends as well. Right? And so all of a sudden, you guys have your network. And so the question is like, if I become friends of Mark, and I'm really trying to sell to you. Maria.
Dan: And all of a sudden, like Mark, can you trust me, Peria? He's probably going to choose me because I'm friends with him, even though I have nothing to sell to him
Dan: right? And so it's always trying to work your way into like these warm intros. And so I met a bunch of Ceos that have nothing to do with what I do.
Dan: And then afterwards I got like 3 intros to other people that were not even at the conference.
Dan: And so it's always thinking about like, what is your funnel? Right? And if you're saying like, Okay, I tried the funnel of meeting Ceos that I'm trying to sell to. They don't want to meet me.
Dan: Okay, how do I get them? A different direction?
Dan: And so I'm like, all right, I'm just gonna meet Ceos in general.
Paria: Yeah.
Dan: Right.
Paria: But the thing is, you know, you said in the beginning that it's recommended not just to say about like I'm co-founder or like from this company and making no introductions in the messaging right in the very beginning.
Paria: So so how we can say that we are working in this field. So we have a background, strong background, this in this field. How we have to make this trust that the person can respond to us because I had this experience that I was sending this type of messaging, and the guy was saying, you know I don't have the time to kind of meet up for this purpose. So so I stopped there. Well, I mean, maybe it was better for me to kind of say, do you have anybody in your space in your network that you can recommend to meet with me? Or what do you suggest?
Dan: Yeah. B, 2 B is a little B, 2 B is a little different. B, 2 B, you have to. They have to know you exist because your b 2 b is all about credibility and authority, and
Dan: so that one's a little different.
Dan: so you're saying that, how do you get connected.
Dan: Can you repeat that again? I want to make sure. I understand. How do you? How do you break through these Ceos?
Paria: Exactly. Yes.
Dan: Are these big CEO? How big are the companies?
Paria: The companies, I mean, we have different size of companies like, but at the moment we are just trying to go for the like small or to medium sized companies
Paria: like with the manufacturers who are like providing the service with the for the like. Bigger end users in the manufacturing field, like, for example, for the like aerospace companies like Ge, so we are just trying to approach the companies who are producing for the Ge. Or giving the services to the Ge. Aerospace.
Dan: Got it. And then, you guys are, I'm assuming you post revenue.
Paria: We are pre-revenue.
Dan: Okay, and your pre revenue got it? Got it? Got it? Okay? So maybe I think this is gonna be a long conversation. Maybe you and I have a conversation separately.
Paria: I think it's.
Dan: It's good to understand a little bit more about your space and your company, or give you okay.
Paria: Thanks.
Dan: Yeah, maybe some of you in my email. It's Dan at nutrients. I/O,
Dan: you can shoot me an email. And we'll set some time.
Paria: Thanks. I did that. Thank you.
Dan: Yeah. Alex.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, thanks. I realized I didn't even introduce myself. So it's excited for my questions. But we're just building brio, which is an AI powered interview coach to help people prepare for job interviews, and we sell to higher institutions. And I'm really excited about like the beginning of you unpacking all the strategy that you have. So I really want to go back to that. If that's all right with you. You said I had 6 channels that I thought that were free, that I wanted to try.
Alex Nativelle: 3 of them worked. And so my question is like 2 pronged like.
Alex Nativelle: How did you test all of the channels and decided which one you know, succeeded because you said like, you gotta really, you know, deep, deep dive into it right? Like 200 conversations. So how did you make sure that you know you didn't quit on one channel too fast, or something like that? For the 1st one.
Dan: Sure, sure.
Alex Nativelle: Then the second thing is like.
Alex Nativelle: when did you decide? Okay, I've done enough. I need to scale these things out and like, what was the decision point to like. Now we need to do something that is bigger and and scalable.
Dan: Sure. So the 1st question is it workings or not? So one of the things I do before I start some, I I try to do 2 things
Dan: one is, I try to become an expert in that thing as quickly, as humanly as possible. My belief system is that
Dan: sometimes people say, Oh, I don't know. I don't know how to run Facebook ads.
Dan: And I have a belief that in 2 months
Dan: I can become 95th percentile in almost anything, because most human beings go to a job.
Dan: Their goal is to do as little work as humanly possible, get their paycheck and go home.
Dan: And there's someone who's been doing this job for 30 years is probably worse than me. And you know really quickly that I and I. So what I end up doing. I kind of use a 3 step. Approach here, really one.
Dan: I try to consume as much as content as I. Freaking possibly can
Dan: 2. I try to find mentors that are like 1 2 years ahead of me on this thing.
Dan: so I can go deeper into questions. And 3, I try to break the system.
Dan: And so what I say so like say, 1st time I ran Facebook ads.
Dan: right? I've never run Facebook ads before I went, and I tried to do. I try to click on every single button and trying to run every single possibility I can think of. I would say, okay, I have $5,000 to mess around with no one. I'm gonna 0. I'm gonna get nothing but knowledge out of this.
Dan: And I'm literally, I want like. So this guy named John Rinaldi. I don't know if you guys met him. He's 1 of my mentors
Dan: So
Dan: I met him first, st and he's like, Oh, we run Facebook ads, we spend half a million a month on Facebook. I'm like, Wow, we spend 0.
Dan: And I asked him very naive questions at first, st and he's like, okay.
Dan: Then I went and I said, I went, and I started like
Dan: really creating my own, my own image, my own messaging. My own landing pages, everything from scratch trash.
Dan: But I'm starting to see where things are. And I'm literally calling customer support. And I'm asking questions. I'm calling the Facebook agent to the point. I'm obsessive about it. I go take like 4 courses on Facebook ads.
Dan: And then I go back to John like 1415 days later. And the question I'm asking he's struggling to answer.
Dan: He has to bring in his Cmo. To answer, and he's answering, and I'm asking like, very, I'm like, when I click this button. This happens. Why.
Dan: right? Like that specific?
Dan: And then, a month later, their Cmo. Can't even answer the question I'm asking, right? So I'm getting so obsessed about a topic where this is the only thing I'm thinking about for the next 2 months.
Dan: And so I'm getting to the level where I'm like in a 95th percentile.
Dan: That's number one, right?
Dan: And then number 2 is, I think, I kind of alluded a little bit later earlier, which is, you got to allocate certain you have to allocate some amount of money to this and know when it's going to be wasted. We have this problem. It makes sense because you want to be. Have a scarce mindset because you have 100 200 k. From techstars. Maybe a little bit more, and you're saving because you need to save for rainy day.
Dan: But the same time you, this is the hardest part. It's like you say, okay, 10,000 of it is being put aside just as like, learn money. And it's gonna generate no fucking revenue, and it sucks.
Dan: But you have to be okay with that. And that's the hard part. Because I that's the biggest obstacle all those founders have.
Dan: because you want to save every penny. But you have to allocate this piece of budget, saying, I'm going to just learn from this.
Dan: So in our scenario we had a piece of hardware
Dan: I had to give it to influencers knowing most aren't going to work.
Dan: and every time I send this piece of hardware it's like a hundred $50,
Dan: and I will like a hundred of these out
Dan: knowing majority's influencer and go nowhere 0 revenue. But by doing that I'm like, Oh, shit!
Dan: It's this kind of person that looks like this that's professional. Looks like this is converting. Now, I'm learning now, like next version. I'm only going to send to the pharmacist that's Asian between 15 to 20.
Dan: I'm making this up and has this many followers.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah.
Dan: But not the mail, or but all that money up front was kind of wasted. If they were just like you didn't get any return. The learning was the return which really sucks for founders.
Alex Nativelle: Okay.
Dan: Right? So that's number one.
Dan: In regards to scalable it's really figuring out what you're optimizing for. Are you optimizing for cash flow. Are you optimizing for revenue?
Dan: So in our scenario, for example, the reason we were doing unscalable parts
Dan: was this, we didn't have a lot of cash.
Dan: and I knew that. But we had my time. So I knew that. Hey, if I give an influencer $10,000 right now, he'll post right now.
Dan: and I will get revenue maybe 2 weeks from now.
Dan: But I'm selling our product.
Dan: But I have enough cash. So I'm optimizing for revenue. But if I do conversion based.
Dan: It is going to take a lot longer to convince someone.
Dan: But the revenue will come first, st
Dan: and then 30 days later I pay them the commission.
Dan: So I'm actually getting paid cash before I'm even paying to cash out.
Dan: And so that point I'm optimizing for cash.
Dan: So it's really question, are you optimized for revenue or for cash?
Dan: The moment you're optimizing for revenue is the moment you could start pivoting toward moving towards scalable channels.
Dan: So it's.
Alex Nativelle: So so it's more like a focus of your company rather than I've exhausted this channel.
Dan: Yeah, I mean, so it's 1. You know. This, you know exactly. The customer looks so they influence like we knew the influencer. Would. They look like the ones we liked.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah.
Dan: Number one sets of requirements. You can't start scaling until you know the influencer. Because if you do, let's say Brad Pitt. But Angeline Gillian, the one that works for you never got Angeline, Julie, and you spent a million dollars on Brad Pitt.
Dan: It's a waste of money. But if you know Angeline. Julie works, then you give a million to her instead. So once you know that that how to scale it, the one you know how to scale it. That's step one and then step 2 is
Dan: then you decide, am I doing cash optimization or revenue optimization?
Dan: A lot of times you optimize for revenue when you're getting ready to fundraise, because you want to see that growth.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, I've been to the right.
Dan: But if you're trying to figure out your product market fit, what's working what's not working, then you should optimize for cash.
Dan: because if you run out of cash doesn't matter if you just done right.
Dan: So that's what we were doing. We optimized for cash for a while.
Dan: And then once we figured out like, oh, these influences, work, these podcasts work, these blogs work
Dan: which need to get more of them.
Dan: Then we said, Okay, fuck it. Now, we're gonna reach out to all these influencers, instead of saying, Do per conversion which sucks they don't want to do that. It's risky for them.
Dan: We're gonna give you everyone a thousand dollars.
Dan: Their response rate went from like 2% to like 60%,
Dan: right? Because they're getting $1,000. They're way more responsive.
Dan: And we were fine because we had confidence, knowing that, like before, most influencers not working for us, we know these type of influencers working like 80% of time for us.
Dan: still knew we had an error rate, but our our confidence level increased. So we're like fuck it now. We know that for every time this person posts our return on investment was like 10 x cool. Let's start doing it, and yes, we're giving out cash right away first.st So we're losing cash flow. But the revenue is going to go up a lot more. And we're gonna get revenue from investors. They're going to be like.
Dan: hey, what's working? And ironically, all the things that you want to make your business work, which is, you know what type of influencer works. You know, what type of podcast work you know, what type, of customer works. You know how to make conferences, work, the go to market strategy. That's exactly what investors also want
Dan: to invest in you. They're going to ask you, what's your go to market strategy? How are you confident?
Dan: And that's the irony. What they what to make your business succeed is exactly what investors want to hear as well. It's kind of interesting people forget that sometimes.
Dan: Does that answer your question, Alex?
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, it's amazing. Thanks so much. And I think that there probably a lot to unpack into the I don't want to take too much of everyone's time. But there's probably a lot of to unpack into the try to become an expert as fast as possible, because you've done that multiple times, as I understand, and you'll probably have strategy on that. That probably benefit us.
Dan: Yeah, yeah, I mean, I think
Dan: you know, those those 3 things I mentioned are really the thing like people. Sometimes
Dan: we when we start, we try to outsource a lot of stuff we're like, Okay, I'm gonna run Facebook ads, or I'm gonna do sales. And I'm just gonna like hire a salesperson, or I'm gonna hire a marketing person who's gonna do for me.
Dan: I have a hard time believe that you could just hire someone
Dan: good without knowing how to do yourself.
Dan: The rule I have is that I do it myself, and then I hire someone at least 3 times better than me.
Dan: Right?
Dan: But I also, by the way, just give you guys in that interview process.
Dan: one of the mentors that I mentioned that I'm learning from. I also have that person as the last stop for interview as well.
Dan: To help me understand. Is this person really 3 times better?
Dan: Because if you are, let's say background investment banker, and I'm an engineer.
Dan: and I'm hiring you for investment in like engineer like software engineering. It's very easy to bullshit you
Dan: right. And so same thing with any job of influencer marketing or Facebook marketing, Google marketing sales. If you're not that if you don't know what like, at least 90% of it. It's so easy to bullshit you, because everything sounds impressive to you.
Dan: And so by doing a job and knowing everything that can break, you don't need to know how to fix it. You just need to know everything that can break.
Dan: Even an interview could be like this broke. How would you fix it? Let them tell you.
Dan: and when they tell you the answer you can go try yourself and see if the strategy actually worked or not.
Alex Nativelle: Okay.
Dan: And if it worked, then you're like great. This person's actually fucking good. I should hire them, or if they just can't give you an answer.
Dan: Then you're like, Okay, well, they obviously didn't think, because if you're finding problems after doing this, you did something for 2, 3 months and you found problems they've never even thought about. They've done it for 2030 years.
Alex Nativelle: That's insane. They can't answer. It's wild. Think about that.
Alex Nativelle: Hmm.
Dan: And so that was one of the easiest things I would just like any any role I would just open up like, here's a problem I ran into.
Dan: How would you solve this?
Dan: And if you've been doing, you've been doing it for 2 months, and they've been doing it for a decade 2 decades, and they can't figure out how to solve your problem.
Dan: How are they gonna be able to be better than you? They're worse than you.
Dan: because, you know, you're gonna solve if you spend another 2 months on it.
Dan: So that that was the approach really just
Dan: getting someone 3 times better. And then also again, last, per having someone interview that person who you
Dan: who you learn from, and then one more piece to that you have to keep constantly upgrading your mentors.
Dan: meaning, in this situation John was an amazing mentor for us, for Facebook ads and all that stuff.
Dan: And then over time, we surpassed his knowledge
Dan: because we get bigger, a bigger. And we started having to get what's when we get one level higher for Facebook ads and one level, higher one level higher
Dan: and for all the roles like, you might have someone great mentor now and then, a year from now. Not anymore. Right?
Alex Nativelle: So.
Dan: And also just one more thing. Be super specific on your mentor. Super specific like.
Dan: are like, for example, the best mentor is like, well, they're almost identical to you, meaning I'm making this up.
Dan: You do. B, 2 B manufacturing. Find? Someone's doing. b 2 b manufacturing and only like 2 years ahead of you.
Dan: You don't want to find someone who's like 30 years ahead of you because the thing world has changed.
Dan: If you are doing consumer, what kind of consumer if you're doing shoes, maybe they're doing hats right? So there's you want as much close proximity as possible. Those are the best kind of mentors.
Dan: crisp.
Chris Wong: Yeah, let's say, topic like, how do you engage when you, when you, when you find this like person where like, it's within like 2 years like, what do you? What's your conversation like to kind of get them involved? To become your mentor and kind of bring them in the full.
Dan: Yeah, interestingly enough, I never asked someone to be my mentor ever
Dan: but one of the things I've realized is that
Dan: one of the most effective ways is by being again super specific and not adding just like
Dan: random work to them. What I mean by that is, I have hundreds of people messaging me all the time they're like, Hey, Dan can teach me about marketing.
Dan: and I ignore them honestly. A lot of tech starts companies just miss me. Teach me about marketing. I just ignore them.
Dan: But when somebody says, Hey, I tried Facebook ads, these 3 ways, these 2 aren't working. This one's working. I can't figure out. Why
Dan: do you have 10 min to chat like kind of think about it through with me. I think these are 3 possibilities.
Dan: I'm super happy to jump on a call. Talk to him right?
Dan: Or I had someone actually reach out to me who who said, I've applied to tech starts 4 times.
Dan: I've gotten 3 different types of feedback.
Dan: Someone's not clicking. Here's what I think. The approach I'm thinking about. Does this make sense to you? Happy jump and talk to them when it's very specific thought through.
Dan: Almost everyone is super open, like the amount of people that are just willing to like respond to a linkedin or email. Just strangers.
Dan: I mean, give you context like tinder. You guys know, tinder.
Dan: the founder of Tinder is like one of my mentors just literally connects with him. And it's like, Hey, I saw you guys this marketing strategy like super effective blah, blah, do you mind talking to me about this. And here's how I'm thinking about it replicating my company.
Dan: This guy's a multi-billionaire. Just got a call with me and spoke like 3 h of me.
Dan: people are super open to help. As long as you ask questions that can be googled or youtubed on a podcast
Dan: if you're asking questions that are on Youtube, like people are gonna they're gonna ignore you like, when somebody's like, how'd you raise money
Dan: like, Come on, dude
Dan: versus something like I got this very specific term that doesn't make sense to me. I think their investors trying to fuck me.
Dan: Then it would be like, Okay, let's talk to you about. I'll talk to you about and tell you how to negotiate that out because you can't Google Youtube that.
Dan: But people are really willing to help when it's super. Because, let me think about it. People like entrepreneurs love problems, love solving problems.
Dan: But the problems have to be real problems, not like, you know, being lazy.
Dan: and I think that a lot of times we are naturally not all of us, but humans are intellectually a little bit lazy where we're like.
Dan: Help me solve my revenue. Help me figure out how to get revenue. Come on or
Dan: help me figure out how to get product market fit
Dan: like. That's a lot of thought process right
Dan: versus, hey? In my product, I'm running this A B test.
Dan: Something's not clicking. I don't know why these conversions aren't working. Here's a 2 approach, I'm thinking, what do you think is better? Let's talk through it.
Dan: That feels much more more specific
Dan: and something like that. I'm like, oh, shit. Let's look at that. I'm interested to help you that because I also want to know, like, can I figure this out? It's a fun puzzle to solve
Dan: versus show me, tell me how to do product market fit like. What?
Dan: So does that help answer your question, Chris.
Chris Wong: Yeah, it does. Thank you. I appreciate that.
Dan: Yeah, I mean
Dan: to this day I. And a lot of times I talk to people, and I even open it up. We're like, hey? I'm sorry I'm not even this topic, so I apologize ahead of time. And I'll say that to people like, I just talked to someone about Medicaid today.
Dan: and it was a CEO who's like 65. And I told him he's like, and he's like, okay. And he told me all these things about Medicaid that I've never even heard of and knew.
Dan: And he's like, Yeah, if you want to talk again, let's talk. And we're going to set up another 3 h call. So I can learn about it right? These are very busy people, and they're willing to do it.
Dan: But you have to come. These calls prepared
Dan: number one, you want them to. You want to leave the call where the person's like. Wow, I want to help this person more
Dan: right? And it's just going deeper, deeper, deeper. I just keep asking more and more deep questions and thinking about, how can this apply to something else? And people really like help. I mean, I like doing that as well.
Chris Wong: This is a separate topic. But you mentioned earlier, when you were talking about your 3 prong process of kind of digesting information, your approach to getting content like, do you have a approach to content like? How do you digesting everything but like is? Are there like categories of things or like, do you refer to like, you know, reputable people like, how do you go about like, like, yeah, picking those con that content.
Dan: Yeah, I think at 1st it's just to be totally honest. Here's the problem. When you're starting something new, you have no reference point.
Dan: And what happens is when you have no reference point, when somebody. This is the biggest lesson I've learned is it's actually
Dan: it's not often that like who you're getting advice from is often is almost as important as the device itself.
Dan: and the issue is a lot of smart people. They speak very confidently.
Dan: and topics that sometimes they don't know much about.
Dan: Right. I have my my own teammates. Some of my teammates are like brilliant engineers.
Dan: but they'll talk on marketing like they're experts because they've been around marketing.
Dan: And so what you're trying to do is you're trying to develop a reference point.
Dan: And but to do that, you just need to get as much content as freaking possible.
Dan: So it's really like, I'm going to listen 30 podcasts on this interview, I'm going to watch 50 Youtube videos.
Dan: And then you start building the reference of like, okay, this one person talk about this, are they the one out of 100? Or they're the 99 of 100. Right?
Dan: So that's the reference point. You need.
Dan: that's number one. So it's just as much content as possible for me. It's Youtube and podcasts and chatgpt.
Dan: But I'm talking about it's like, it's an insane amount of content. It's like, in a week. I'm assuming this content to like equal to like 1015 books. Basically right?
Dan: Because you just need mass volume to get a like
Dan: higher level knowledge of the base and number 2 is when I'm asking questions people. It's funny some people get upset about it. I ask them very specific to understand, are they really the expert or not.
Dan: So even if I'm asking someone to be my mentor.
Dan: I'm trying to get data from them. So I'll sometimes say, like, Hey, I want to be totally transparent. I'm not gonna share a promise, anything you say here. But
Dan: when you started implementing X strategy.
Dan: what was the beginning? What was your beginning revenue, and like, what was the ending revenue.
Dan: or like, how many people do you have? So I'm trying to build context around it, because someone will say, like Do Xyz.
Dan: But Xyz might work from 1 million to 10 million revenue. By now I work from 0 to one
Dan: right? So I'll ask him specifically like, what was your revenue? Were you the person actually who implemented it with someone else?
Dan: And if it's someone else, I try to get to that person. So I'm asking so many questions to truly understand, like how they did it. Who did it? What worked there?
Dan: Because you'll see a lot of these companies like Uber
Dan: everyone. If you look on Linkedin, I don't know if anyone worked at Uber here. But everyone's got X Uber. Everyone's got an ex Google. Everyone's got X Mckinsey.
Dan: which is great. But I don't think everyone uber built Uber. I think Uber's got built by like 6 people. Everyone else. They're executed with the 6 people thought right. And so, you understand, like, were they the ones that she did all this stuff, or they just like were there.
Dan: and a lot of mentors just there, unfortunately. And so you're double clicking over and over and over to the point where it's almost uncomfortable a person.
Dan: because you're trying to understand. Are they really the real deal or not?
Dan: On that specific topic? They may be real deal on like engineering or product or like, but sometimes they're they were just there, and they take the credit because they want to.
Dan: And so like, this is why I want to talk to Maria More, because I'm by far not an expert on b 2 b manufacturing. Not at all. I give you high level strategies, but I'm not
Dan: right.
Dan: So that point is, I'll go certain level. But a certain level, I'll say, Hey, we need to find someone else who's expert on that.
Dan: But I'm an expert on consumer and paid media and digital marketing right and health and wellness. So you always want to go deeper on that level. And most people are not going to tell you they're expert in one thing or another, and so you want to just keep.
Dan: like, you know, the the 7 Ys.
Dan: I do the 7 Wise, except I do like
Dan: with the dollar amounts and conversions, and all that other stuff, and a lot of times I'll even ask him like if somebody's claiming, I'll be like, Hey, Facebook ads like, do you mind just sharing your screen of Facebook ads? My hands are off the screen so I can take screenshots
Dan: and see that you can even operate it.
Dan: because I guarantee you right now, like even inside my own company. If you ask, like 50 people. How good of their Facebook ads and situation 20, gonna say, Oh, I know Facebook ads.
Dan: and yet they've never opened a Facebook ad account in their life, you know.
Dan: and you can only understand that when you go deep enough.
Dan: And so what I try to do is this.
Dan: when I'm looking for these mentors. I'm trying to see if they know more than me.
Dan: If they if I hit a point where they know more than me. Great!
Dan: I'm going to learn from them.
Dan: And I keep pushing to learn more and basically trying to get as much knowledge as I can from their head
Dan: right? And if you hit that peak early, and you're like, Wow, 5 questions. And I know they're not telling. Tell me anything new.
Dan: Then they're probably not the right person right
Dan: in general, the rule of thumb is because I'm a big fan of like feelings and emotions. Sometimes
Dan: if I'm talking to my mentor, and my head doesn't hurt when I get off the call.
Dan: That means they don't know more than me.
Dan: The good mentors I've had every time I left. I'm like fuck my head hurts because I was absorbing so much and writing down and trying to remember and try to understand. It's like kind of painful, almost.
Dan: you know, when you take a final exam and you procrastinate for 3 months. And then, if you're cramming like 17 h of data into your head.
Dan: that's what you're doing here with a mentor in a 30 min call
Dan: you're taking like 2 years with, like, right here, we realize we're on slide 2 out of 30 right.
Dan: And we're cramming. You're cramming, basically, you know, 6 years worth of information in 30 min, and your head should hurt if your head's not hurting right now, I'm probably not the right mentor for you.
Dan: right? Or you're not asking deep enough questions.
Dan: Does that answer your question, Chris?
Dan: Okay.
Chris Wong: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Awesome. Thank you for the detail, and like the the different thoughts around it, and kind of just like circling back holistically on it. Yeah, super helpful.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And I know we're at your time. How are you doing? Do you have a hard stop in 10 seconds.
Dan: I do have a hard stop. Unfortunately.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, so we I will have the founders follow up with you and thank you. And I'll give them a copy of a previous version of this where you walk through all the slides. But get out of here, man, thank you for everything, and we'll be sure to be in touch and make sure you have connections to all the companies.
Dan: Yeah, let me know if I can be helpful guys. Sorry we didn't get through the deck. By the way, I know that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'll give it to him afterwards. Yeah.
Dan: Alright sounds good. See? You guys.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: See ya.
Carlo Scaglia: Dad.
Dan: Bye.
Alex Nativelle: Well.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You guys think of that.
Alex Nativelle: Oh, I think we had 2 of the best calls back to back.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's almost like we know what we're doing.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Alex Nativelle: It seems like it seems like it.
Chris Wong: Yeah, you could do.
Chris Wong: No, he's tried everything. He's iterated a lot you could tell, like, just like.